Serenna Beers: Hello.
Serenna Beers: How are you
Cassandra Paul: How are you
Good.
Serenna Beers: I'm Serena. I'm a therapist at bright heart health, obviously, and we're, we need to do your bio psychosocial. Have you ever done one of those
Serenna Beers: Okay, it's just it takes about 2020 minutes and it's just, I'm going to ask you a bunch of questions and it just gives us an overview of you a little bit more some history so that we better know how to offer you our services.
Serenna Beers: Can you tell me what brings you to bright to bright health and why why now.
Cassandra Paul: I've been on the box for the past five years, so
Cassandra Paul: I'm just kind of transferring over from don't let me welcome.
Okay.
Cassandra Paul: On the dinner did with the opiate
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Specifically what
Cassandra Paul: I know going
Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right. Which leads me to. Next question. Tell me about your history with substances like when you first started to use how it progressed and then at what point was it was it the worst.
Cassandra Paul: Um, well, I started like when I was younger, you know, a little bit here and there was
Cassandra Paul: Like coding
Cassandra Paul: On all three.
Cassandra Paul: And this kind of played around with it. You know, we get it from the doctors, you know, every now and again I really got addicted to it when I got myself at work.
Cassandra Paul: Probably when I was like
Cassandra Paul: May 2627 I don't really know when
Cassandra Paul: But I had hurt myself at work and
Cassandra Paul: I got a baker says song about the my
Serenna Beers: Huh.
Cassandra Paul: was awful words for about nine months.
Serenna Beers: Oh wow, and
Cassandra Paul: And
Cassandra Paul: And very aggressively had my doctor like pretty much wrapped around my finger and
Cassandra Paul: You know,
Cassandra Paul: Got more pills.
Serenna Beers: Out of them.
Cassandra Paul: I just kept taking more and more and more and
Cassandra Paul: Then it just led to buy more off the street and
Cassandra Paul: I would know by purchase that whatever you know pretty much whatever I could get off the streets.
Cassandra Paul: Mm hmm. I would
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: So, so what point do you think was the absolute worst where you realize, wow, I think I probably need some sort sort of help or inner or inner intervention.
Cassandra Paul: When my doctor had cut me off of everything and
Cassandra Paul: I was spending like 20 $500 a month on
Cassandra Paul: My dog.
Cassandra Paul: Okay job.
Cassandra Paul: My volume.
Serenna Beers: Okay. How long have you dealt with the chronic pain for
Cassandra Paul: About
Cassandra Paul: Seven years
Serenna Beers: Okay. And that was when you had the accident.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Okay. What about. Have you ever had any prior mental health or substance abuse treat treat treat treatment anywhere else.
Cassandra Paul: What do you mean like
Serenna Beers: I mean, like, you know, either in an outpatient setting or in a residential setting. Have you ever gone through and and and tried to seek other other help for
Serenna Beers: Substance abuse like
Serenna Beers: Have you gone Danny other facilities.
Cassandra Paul: Yeah, I'm in the treatment right now I'm in
Cassandra Paul: Drug Court also in other like mango Hall specialist
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Cassandra Paul: Every other month. Okay.
Cassandra Paul: Oh, yeah.
Serenna Beers: Okay, what about
Cassandra Paul: Mental health and stuff.
Cassandra Paul: I was like, well,
Serenna Beers: What are your mental health data diagnoses.
Cassandra Paul: borderline personality and the resin.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: growing, growing up. Tell me what your
Serenna Beers: What your family life was like, and specifically. Like, were you adopted where you raise Bible parents do you have brothers and sisters or your parents still together. And has anybody else besides you also struggled with mental health or substance abuse.
Cassandra Paul: My mother has
Cassandra Paul: No, no, no. She is addicted to painkillers.
Cassandra Paul: And I have never met my father and my mother do not get along. She kicked me out when I was 11 years old and
Cassandra Paul: I was raised by I was awarded the court until I was 18
Cassandra Paul: And but I was
Cassandra Paul: Raised by my grandmother when she came in, when she retired to dream about me and I was 13 years old.
Cassandra Paul: My grandma never had a an addiction problem that her two kids her daughter's for all they all call problem.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm. And then
Cassandra Paul: My mom. Hi opiate addiction and to use to with me. And then my two brothers and sisters used to give us like to go to sleep and
Cassandra Paul: You know, like diamonds lab and
Serenna Beers: Go to sleep file.
Cassandra Paul: So that you know started pretty young.
Cassandra Paul: Near my mom never really had a good relationship, you tell me all the time that I ruined her life basically so
Serenna Beers: Oh my goodness.
Cassandra Paul: Me and my sister. We talk tonight is talking a couple weeks ago I went senior up in Washington.
Cassandra Paul: And we thought, you know, at least once a week.
Cassandra Paul: My brother's nine we don't talk
Cassandra Paul: And I've never met my dad so
Serenna Beers: Wow, okay. A lot of trauma there.
Serenna Beers: Yeah yeah
Serenna Beers: What about, um, did you notice any other type of addictive be hate saviors with yourself as well as with any family members, such as gambling working a lot sex addiction shopping, stuff like that, food, food addiction.
Cassandra Paul: I think my mom has a real addiction problem.
Cassandra Paul: And my aunt was also
Cassandra Paul: Now luckily
Cassandra Paul: I live with her for a while.
Cassandra Paul: And
Cassandra Paul: Others. I never know.
Cassandra Paul: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, what about school. Tell me, tell me what school was like for for for you, and specifically how far did you complete. What did you struggle at at all with learning disabilities. Were there any events that stood out
Serenna Beers: Growing up to you either with neighborhood with family or friends.
Cassandra Paul: No, I did the normal teenager stuff I, you know, skip school and
Cassandra Paul: The
Cassandra Paul: Tell me that I wasn't going to graduate and then I grabbed her off prove them wrong, basically.
Cassandra Paul: Got an award.
Cassandra Paul: For the most
Cassandra Paul: Thing turned around. I guess I get a one AD.
Cassandra Paul: Out. Yeah, I got all my credits to graduate in a short amount of time and
Serenna Beers: Do for you.
Cassandra Paul: And then I did.
Cassandra Paul: I did good in the junior college like
Cassandra Paul: That
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um,
Serenna Beers: So what about the part of. Were there any events that stood out to you, growing up. What was the events. I mean you actually talked about them early on was it basically that like the the absence of your father the abuse the neglect of your mother.
Cassandra Paul: No, no.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about. Have you ever served in the military.
Serenna Beers: No. Okay. And do you have any fight any financial or legal issues that you are concerned about. And you obviously have some legal stuff be because based on what on what you shared your in drug court now right
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Okay. What about financial issues.
Cassandra Paul: And
Cassandra Paul: Absolutely nothing like
Cassandra Paul: That no no
Cassandra Paul: I'm
Cassandra Paul: Getting them all off. Okay.
Well, good.
Serenna Beers: And are you in a relationship now.
Cassandra Paul: I am
Cassandra Paul: In a relationship everything together for about
Cassandra Paul: Seven months been sober for
Cassandra Paul: Like
Cassandra Paul: Five months.
Serenna Beers: Oh, wow.
Serenna Beers: That's awesome.
Serenna Beers: Um, do you have any kids.
Cassandra Paul: I have
Serenna Beers: Okay. And do do they live with you.
Cassandra Paul: Know I live in a house right now. Okay.
Serenna Beers: We're at
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Cassandra Paul: How about Kansas no living
Cassandra Paul: My father
Okay.
Serenna Beers: And how, how is that settling with with you, how are you dealing with that.
Serenna Beers: Wow, okay. So you guys co parent
Serenna Beers: Pretty well, then yeah.
Serenna Beers: Oh, nice.
Serenna Beers: Um, tell me about talent. Tell me about what you're what you hope to get out of
Serenna Beers: Being being with us, you know, three, three specific goals that you hope to reach and I'm talking like they can be anything to really want to work on my self esteem to, you know, I want to learn how to manage my emotions better to, you know, whatever it is, but
Serenna Beers: Just three specific things that you think would really be beneficial and would help help you grow in your recovery.
Cassandra Paul: sober living
Cassandra Paul: By the way, drug court.
Cassandra Paul: Mm hmm. And
Cassandra Paul: Followed it off.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: May I ask what your legal what why you are in drug court specifically what what is your charge
Cassandra Paul: I
Cassandra Paul: resisted arrest and I had my oldest child with me. Okay.
Cassandra Paul: Very much for the call and then
Cassandra Paul: I'm Mexico wall and by the cop car.
Cassandra Paul: Like, not the communication center inside of the cloud and they had just been like dictionary com whether we're independent and
Serenna Beers: Wow, we're and I'm not saying I'm just saying, Wow, is that a result I would imagine being under the influence.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: Do you struggle struggle with anger at all.
Cassandra Paul: I do an awful lot.
Cassandra Paul: Okay, I've learned how I used to take this class with me. No, no.
Cassandra Paul: It was dialectical
Serenna Beers: Behavioral Therapy DB T. Yeah.
Cassandra Paul: I learned a lot from that and I took it for
Cassandra Paul: It helped me learn to manage my emotions.
Serenna Beers: That is great stuff, that stuff that you can apply for the rest of your life. I use that in my everyday life. I love DB T. It really is a skill.
Serenna Beers: Whether you're an alcoholic or not. I mean, you know, interpersonal effectiveness emotion regulation mindfulness and distress tolerance, who couldn't use those skills right
Serenna Beers: Yes. Good stuff.
Serenna Beers: I'm trying to figure out. Give me just a second, because I want to see if I was assigned as your counselor.
Serenna Beers: Because if I was then I know for probation. Why isn't it. Let me do this.
Serenna Beers: We would need to meet
Serenna Beers: Weekly, so give me just a second.
Serenna Beers: Cassandra Paul
Serenna Beers: Okay, so I am your therapist. So why don't we get you on an ongoing appointment, because I know that I if you're a drug court referral that I'm going to have to write them.
Serenna Beers: What do you call it a report every single week. Did anybody share that with you.
Cassandra Paul: Know, but I'm not at the beginning of drug court in the long
Oh,
Cassandra Paul: I'm
Cassandra Paul: Like in phase like halfway. I'm almost
Cassandra Paul: At the beginning of 30 days.
Serenna Beers: Oh, okay. Hang on. Real quick. I want to see if, maybe, it says I have to write you a note.
Cassandra Paul: This is like my fourth time or third time through.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Cassandra Paul: For a while,
Cassandra Paul: I mean it's not funny.
Serenna Beers: Well, I just want to see if I'm supposed to send right
Serenna Beers: A referral form and it doesn't say
Serenna Beers: I'm just looking here real quick.
Serenna Beers: Hmm.
Cassandra Paul: Yeah, because I was supposed to do all that, at the beginning of my
Cassandra Paul: You know, at the beginning of my TV stuff.
Cassandra Paul: And I've done all that
Serenna Beers: Okay, so maybe you could talk to your
Serenna Beers: Is Carol your person.
Cassandra Paul: No I probation off.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Uh huh. Okay.
Serenna Beers: So maybe because I just want to make sure that I you know if I'm supposed to see you on a weekly basis that I do. So do you have a therapist right right now. I mean, outside of outside of us.
Cassandra Paul: Yeah, I do. Oh.
Cassandra Paul: Okay, yeah, she's from she's from Eureka.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And do you see her regularly.
Cassandra Paul: Yeah, I hear like every other month
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Cassandra Paul: I prescribed medication.
Serenna Beers: Oh, okay. Well, why don't you
Serenna Beers: Hmm, let me know when you go into drug court because I am, I am. I'm totally here for you. If you would like to, you know, CC CC me
Serenna Beers: There's lots of things that I that I could work on you with. I mean, if you want a refresher on any of those DB T skills, I'd be happy to do that. I would just be happy to help you in any way that you need help, you know, in any way that I can support you, you know,
Serenna Beers: Okay, so, um, if nothing else, can you and I just check back in and like a couple of weeks.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay. So that would be April 15 at two o'clock. And you know, I mean, it doesn't have to last a full hour, I just want to make sure that, you know, I just want to chat.
Serenna Beers: Check in with you and just see if there's anything more that we can do to, you know, help you. Are you in any groups with with us at all.
Cassandra Paul: Um, I do this, the bottom group with grow.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right.
Serenna Beers: And the therapist in there is. Do you remember who it is.
Cassandra Paul: No.
Cassandra Paul: No blonde lady. Sorry.
Serenna Beers: Okay, I think that that's Becca. Okay. So if, if, why don't we just touch. Touch, touch bases in a couple of weeks. So I and I'm saying it on this zoom because they will transcribe this. So if I could meet with Cassandra again on April 15 at two o'clock. For a check in. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay, does that work.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Alright. Well, you make sure that you stay safe and stay well and practice that you know staying staying away from others so that you don't get sick.
Cassandra Paul: I will
Serenna Beers: Okay, thanks a lot.
Cassandra Paul: All right. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Bye bye.
Hi.